this is free-range and it's organic and
I'm trying my best to you know gain some
weight back and eat healthy this is the
the easiest and quickest way I know how
because being vegan is very difficult
constantly bloated dealing with a lot of
gut issues you know my health comes
first I'm sorry to the chickens that
unfortunately I'm eating every time I
eat chicken I just feel so bad and I
just like take a moment I know some
weird but thank the chicken or giving
their life it's really sad to think
about it because when you buy chicken
it's like what eat six to eight to ten
dollars oh it's just like really sad to
think that that chickens life is only
worth ten bucks like their body and just
their death was only worth time I was
getting deep but it's just really sad to
think about and I guess that's my way of
coping with me eating meat again but
yeah that's just let's try it okay let's
just mmm delicious every culture agrees
that that cruelty is wrong you know the
taking pleasure in the suffering of
others is wrong within the context of
your in-group I mean the many cultures
think it's good to take pleasure in the
in the suffering of people who are not
part of your tribe but in terms of you
know who you're going to admit into your
moral sphere we have some very
serviceable intuitions about how we
treat the people we accept in our sphere
and the challenge for modernity the
challenge for civilization is to to
extend the sphere of our moral community
to include the entire species and even
other species I would actually recommend
that you guys watching cut back on how
much meat you do consume a week
especially especially red meat just
because cows the whole process of what
it takes
to beat a cow to serve wires so much
energy and resources and grain and food
to feed them
it really does play an effect on the
environment and also their poop in their
farts are causing gas is to be put into
the air which sounds funny and stupid
but it's actually true it is affecting
our environment and even if you cut back
like once one meal or one day out of
your week hey guys a great talk
appreciate it very much
all right so I might be a bit a topical
I'm gonna ask about animal rights I
guess
Brian is into animal rights a bit so my
question is what is it that's true of an
animal that if true of a human would
justify stabbing them to death for a
hamburger every culture agrees that that
cruelty is wrong you know the taking
pleasure in the suffering of others is
wrong and the challenge for modernity
the challenge for civilization is to
extend the sphere of our moral community
to include the entire species and even
other species you know why can't we just
kill it if we find people who have the
characteristics of livestock why can't
we treat them exactly like livestock
all right so that's sort of a question
you just ask well given the nature of
what we are as social primates treating
people exactly like livestock has a
different consequence on us and on a
culture and on our capacity to live with
one another than treating livestock like
livestock
you know that's why cannibalism there's
there's there's a taboo around
cannibalism that makes sense given all
of the moving parts it's not a
straightforward question of saying well
obviously everyone should be vegan right
now well I would just and jibba saying
don't stab them for the hamburger yeah
once guys yes I mean that is one answer
but I think it's
[Music]
evolution